[Music]
how to ask out a girl asking a girl out
on a date shouldn't be a chore it's just
one little question oh but when you
factor anxiety into the equation it's
definitely not as easy as it seems even
if you've practiced your lines over and
over again in front of the mirror that
feeling of panic when you think about
all the things that might go wrong can
stop you in your tracks what if I
stumble over my words and it comes out
all awkward or of course what if she
says no don't worry there is a way you
can prepare for this thing and even
improve your chances of her saying yes
just follow these simple instructions
and you'll be able to draw up the
courage to finally take that leap of
faith before we get into our game plan
please take this opportunity to
subscribe to our channel if you ring
that little notification bell you'll
always be in the know when a new
interesting and helpful video like this
one comes out on the bright side of life
before you ask her out before you
actually ask her out you need to gauge
the situation and check your chances for
success and here's where her body
language can tell you a whole lot about
her feelings towards you so pay
attention to the following she makes eye
contact with you it might seem easier
said than done but there are many ways
you can tell if someone's attracted to
you for example when you meet does she
make eye contact with you frequently
prolonged eye contact is a good sign
that she likes what she sees her pupils
dilate if you want to be extra observant
try seeing if her pupils get bigger when
she's looking at you this is a natural
biological response to let more light
into the eye so that it gets a brighter
clearer image of course if we like what
we're looking at we want a good quality
picture it can happen when we're looking
at a loved one or our favorite food she
smiles and less you can also take a
mental note if she smiles and lasts when
she's with you again the human body
naturally reacts to something it likes
with a genuine smile it can even be
pretty hard to hide
honest laughter is one of the best
indicators that someone likes you
basically if she smiles and lasts with
you she most likely really enjoys
spending time with you
of course this could just mean she only
likes you as a friend so you'll want to
take other factors into consideration as
well she touches you if you notice that
she'll find any excuse to nonchalantly
touch your arm or patch her back her
shoulder then she might be really into
you just don't take this as a surefire
way to gauge her feelings towards you if
she doesn't touch you that doesn't mean
she doesn't like you some people just
feel really uncomfortable with physical
contact even when it comes to hugging
family members and definitely don't take
it upon yourself to get the touching
thing rolling if she's not doing it to
you you never know how people feel about
someone invading their personal bubble
so it's best to observe what she
considers appropriate touching first if
she grabs your arm when you say
something funny
then it should be okay for you to do the
same but again if she pulls away or
looks even the least bit uncomfortable
don't do it again this is a touchy
subject so be extra careful with
physical contact boost your chances of
getting a yes if you think you've got a
shot then you'll want to do anything you
can to boost your chances of her taking
you up on that date of course when doing
the following they should always come
from a genuine place and not just
because you're trying to get a date if
it's not sincere she'll feel it trust me
make eye contact with her are you seeing
the importance of this whole eye contact
thing it's key be sure to maintain eye
contact with her whenever she's talking
first of all it shows that you're
listening to what she has to say also
you'll appear and feel more confident
when you're with her this should calm
your nurse down a bit especially when
you combine it with good posture
it really does trick your mind into
feeling more self-assured so just give
it a try
be an attentive conversationalist keep
an eye out for what she brings up in a
conversation so that you can participate
intelligent ly ask follow-up questions
and really show your interest if you
find yourself at a loss for words always
remember about the big WH questions of
any situation if she's telling you about
a trip she went on recently with her
family
ask her who went on the trip how was the
plane ride there why did they choose
that particular destination and so on
just don't turn your conversation into
an interview be sure to add your own
reactions to what she's saying like wow
I bet your heart was beating out of your
chest when you tried skydiving for the
first time so basically ask questions
and react to what she's saying
easy-peasy stand out from the rest
you'll want to be different from the
other guys that have asked her out
before or like you are interested in
doing the same in the near future one of
the best ways to stand out is to offer a
helping hand key word here is offer if
you see her for instance carrying some
heavy items ask her if she needs help if
she says yes then go ahead if not then
that's fine too
another great way to stand out in her
eyes is to show off your soft side if
you see that she seems sad or upset
about something ask her about it don't
be afraid to have a deep conversation if
she's willing to open up to you it shows
that she trusts you as a friend and
possibly even a future partner build a
friendship first don't be afraid to
start off by just being friends you can
ask her out to do things that friends do
together before inviting her on a
full-on date don't worry about all that
friendzone stuff you see tons of memes
about on the Internet
a lot of girls feel way more comfortable
dating a guy they know well rather than
some dude they've only known for a week
look your best on the big day you don't
need to go out and buy a suit and tie
just to ask a girl out but you do want
to make sure that you look your best on
the big day so pay attention to the
following personal hygiene start with
the basics take a shower put on
deodorant and a nice Cologne
brush your teeth and tongue fix your
hair with some gel or styling wax just
don't go overboard with it when it comes
to hair product less is more also make
sure your clothes are clean and tidy
speaking of which what to wear again you
don't need to overdo it
but you also don't want to show up in
some torn stained or wrinkled t-shirt
and gym shorts try aiming for smart
casual like a collared shirt and some
well tailored jeans this is the perfect
style to show that you've put in the
effort but you're not over dressing for
the situation at hand ask her out on a
date first pick the right location don't
go for some crowded noisy lunchroom or
hallway try to find a moment when the
two of you can be alone or at least away
from the crowds and your friends yes the
both of you might feel more nervous this
way but it is an important step in the
future of your relationship so it should
be treated with some feeling of privacy
and intimacy get the conversation
rolling once you've found the perfect
opportunity where the two of you are at
least somewhat alone just start a
conversation like you would any other
day this will help calm your nerves a
bit if you just start chatting like you
normally would the best topic would be a
follow-up of a discussion that the both
of you had before
or something that you know she's
interested in treat it as if it were any
other day but get ready for the next
step hop the question okay maybe that's
not the best way to put it
don't just blurt out when you go out of
the day with me ease into it and be
honest if you've thought about asking
her out for a while and you probably
have tell her you can say something like
listen I've been thinking about this for
a while and I'd really like to take you
out on a date
yes be specific that it's a date that
you want a lot of guys mistakenly ask
girls out without specifying that it's a
date this may be due to your nerves
trying to back you out of a stressful
situation making the whole invite seem
friendly instead of romantic you don't
want this to happen since it can lead to
some embarrassing moments later in the
night
avoid requests like I have an extra
ticket to this movie want to come or if
you're not doing anything this Friday I
have this thing we can go to asking a
girl out on a date should be sincere
compassionate and well thought out you
don't want to brush it off as a normal
thing or else she'll feel like she
doesn't matter the safest bet is always
an invite to a movie of course a movie
can seem like a basic idea so try to add
something else into the event like a
short walk or dinner to show that you've
put thought and planning into it you can
bring the tickets along with you on the
day you ask her out if you know what
types of movies and cuisine she's into
and this is where all that getting to
know each other and being an attentive
conversationalist comes in then that's
even better it's all in the details and
if you show up with a ticket to a new
movie with her favorite actor in it or a
dinner reservation at a restaurant that
serves her favorite food
then she'll definitely know you care and
how could someone say no to such a sweet
and personalized gesture but still
what to do if you get rejected you've
got to be prepared for the worst-case
scenario if you thought you had a good
shot and nothing was holding you back
it'll feel like a kick in the gut to
hear the dreaded no but make sure you
keep your cool if she turns you down
smile and to respond gracefully by
saying something like that's okay maybe
another time change the conversation to
something else or leave if you'd rather
not hang around rejection can be an
embarrassing situation for the both of
you so it may be best to come up with an
excuse to leave as soon as possible no
matter how you feel afterwards try to
shake it off and don't blow up in front
of her if you handled the rejection
badly word may spread to other girls and
ruin your chances in the future remember
that whatever the response is give
yourself a pat on the back for having
the courage to ask in the first place a
lot of guys sit around and complain
about all the reasons why they can't ask
out the girl of their dreams but they
eventually end up regretting not having
done something about it when they had
the chance you'll have so many
opportunities to ask someone out in your
life so make sure you take advantage of
them and don't sweat it if you get
turned down if you found this video
helpful give it a like and share it with
your single friends make sure you're
subscribed to our Channel and keep
hanging out with us on the bright side
of life